source/includes/_errors.md, before:

# Errors

We return the appropriate HTTP Status code when we return an error. Additionally we do our best to provide a human readable error message to help you figure out what went wrong.

| Error Code                        | HTTP Status Code | Meaning                                                            |
| --------------------------------- | ---------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------ |
| EV_BAD_REQUEST_INVALID_FIELDS     | 400              | Request is missing required fields or has failed validation check. |
| EV_BAD_REQUEST_TOO_MANY_ITEMS     | 400              | Batch request contains too many items.                             |
| EV_BAD_REQUEST_MALFORMED          | 400              | Malformed request, e.g. a type mismatch.                           |
| EV_BAD_REQUEST_DUPLICATE          | 400              | An object with a different id already exists.                      |
| EV_OBJECT_NOT_FOUND               | 404              | Unable to locate requested resource.                               |
| EV_UNAUTHORIZED_INVALID_KEY       | 401              | Provided Client Key Id is invalid.                                 |
| EV_UNAUTHORIZED_MISSING_HEADERS   | 401              | Request is missing one of the required headers.                    |
| EV_UNAUTHORIZED_INVALID_SIGNATURE | 401              | Signature provided in `X-Evocalize-Signature` is not valid.        |
| EV_UNAUTHORIZED_EXPIRED_REQUEST   | 401              | Request timestamp is over 1 minute old.                            |
| EV_INTERNAL_SERVER_ERROR          | 500              | We had a problem with our server. Try again later.                 |

Commit message:

add shared secret auth section

source/includes/_errors.md, after:

# Errors

We return the appropriate HTTP Status code when we return an error. Additionally we do our best to provide a human readable error message to help you figure out what went wrong.

| Error Code                        | HTTP Status Code | Meaning                                                            |
|-----------------------------------|------------------|--------------------------------------------------------------------|
| EV_BAD_REQUEST_INVALID_FIELDS     | 400              | Request is missing required fields or has failed validation check. |
| EV_BAD_REQUEST_TOO_MANY_ITEMS     | 400              | Batch request contains too many items.                             |
| EV_BAD_REQUEST_MALFORMED          | 400              | Malformed request, e.g. a type mismatch.                           |
| EV_BAD_REQUEST_DUPLICATE          | 400              | An object with a different id already exists.                      |
| EV_OBJECT_NOT_FOUND               | 404              | Unable to locate requested resource.                               |
| EV_UNAUTHORIZED_INVALID_KEY       | 401              | Provided Client Key Id is invalid.                                 |
| EV_UNAUTHORIZED_MISSING_HEADERS   | 401              | Request is missing one of the required headers.                    |
| EV_UNAUTHORIZED_INVALID_SIGNATURE | 401              | Signature provided in `X-Evocalize-Signature` is not valid.        |
| EV_UNAUTHORIZED_INVALID_SECRET    | 401              | Secret provided in `X-Evocalize-Client-Key` is not valid.          |
| EV_UNAUTHORIZED_EXPIRED_REQUEST   | 401              | Request timestamp is over 1 minute old.                            |
| EV_INTERNAL_SERVER_ERROR          | 500              | We had a problem with our server. Try again later.                 |
