source/includes/_jwt_token.md, before:

# JWT Access Tokens

## JWT Basics

The primary technology/concept used for authentication between our two systems is a JSON Web Token. The following link has documentation that you may find useful.

- https://jwt.io/​ - Documentation on all things JWT. On this site, you can learn all there is to
know about the standard, libraries to use, test out the tokens you generate, etc.

To create a valid JWT you will need to sign it with your evocalize `jwt_secret`. We will provide this value to you.


## Domains, Variables, etc.

### Variables you provide to Evocalize

You will need you provide us with Login URL's to send a user if the arrive on the site unauthenticated or their JWT token expires. Typically, we recommend having both a staging and a production endpoint
when integrating.

### SSO Endpoints for Evocalize Web App

This is where you will redirect your users after generating a JWT for them on your SSO page. See below for information you need to pass to this endpoint.

- Staging:​ ​https://office-staging.your-white-label-domain.com/#/sso?token=<...>
- Production: ​https://office.your-white-label-domain.com/#/sso?token=<...>

## Authentication Flow

> JWT Auth flow pseudo code example

```javascript

// 0. Authenticate the user in your system to verify they are who they say they are.
user.authenticate();

// 1. Generate a JWT with the "sub" set to include the userId (same ID passed to Evocalize in API calls or feed files)
// note: `jwt_secret` will be provided by Evocalize
// here is an example JWT payload that we need you to generate:
const userJwtBlob = {
    sub: 'yourOrg|' + user.id, // where yourOrg is the value we provide you with and user.id with the ID you send in API calls or feed files.
    iat: 1563831852, // "Issued At" (seconds since Unix Epoch)
    exp: 1563918252 // "Expires At" (seconds since Unix Epoch)
};

const jwt = generateJwt(userJwtBlob, jwtSecret);

// 2. Redirect the user to a new Evocalize SSO endpoint with the JWT
redirectUser('https://your-white-label-domain.com/#/sso?token=' + jwt);

```

You will need to create a new SSO endpoint (or update your current one) to generate a
token for your users using a secret key provided by Evocalize. You can then send your
users to a specific endpoint to get them seamlessly authenticated in our application.
The following workflow shows an example end-to-end process. Some of it is in pseudo
code to keep things succinct. If any portions require clarity, please reach out to us and
we can assist you further.

### Flow
- User navigates to your new (or existing) SSO endpoint.
- User signs in (or is already authenticated).
- Generate a JWT (JavaScript example on the right).
- Evocalize Office UI loads on/sso and the user is authenticated.

Commit message:

adds sso failure case to documentation

source/includes/_jwt_token.md, after:

# JWT Access Tokens

## JWT Basics

The primary technology/concept used for authentication between our two systems is a JSON Web Token. The following link has documentation that you may find useful.

- https://jwt.io/ - Documentation on all things JWT. On this site, you can learn all there is to
know about the standard, libraries to use, test out the tokens you generate, etc.

To create a valid JWT you will need to sign it with your evocalize `jwt_secret`. We will provide this value to you.


## Domains, Variables, etc.

### Variables you provide to Evocalize

You will need you provide us with Login URL's to send a user if they arrive at the site unauthenticated or their JWT token expires. Typically, we recommend having both a staging and a production endpoint
when integrating.

### SSO Endpoints for Evocalize Web App

This is where you will redirect your users after generating a JWT for them on your SSO page. See below for information you need to pass to this endpoint.

- Staging: https://your-staging-white-label-domain.evocalize.com/#/sso?token=<...>
- Production: https://your-white-label-domain.com/#/sso?token=<...>

## Authentication Flow

> JWT Auth flow pseudo code example

```javascript

// 0. Authenticate the user in your system to verify they are who they say they are.
user.authenticate();

// 1. Generate a JWT with the "sub" set to include the userId (same ID passed to Evocalize in API calls or feed files)
// note: `jwt_secret` will be provided by Evocalize
// here is an example JWT payload that we need you to generate:
const userJwtBlob = {
    sub: 'yourOrg|' + user.id, // where yourOrg is the value we provide you with and user.id with the ID you send in API calls or feed files.
    iat: 1563831852, // "Issued At" (seconds since Unix Epoch)
    exp: 1563835452 // "Expires At" (seconds since Unix Epoch) set to 1 hour after iat
};

const jwt = generateJwt(userJwtBlob, jwtSecret);

// 2. Redirect the user to a new Evocalize SSO endpoint with the JWT
redirectUser('https://your-white-label-domain.com/#/sso?token=' + jwt);

```

You will need to create a new SSO endpoint (or update your current one) to generate a
token for your users using a secret key provided by Evocalize. You can then send your
users to a specific endpoint to get them seamlessly authenticated in our application.
The following workflow shows an example end-to-end process. Some of it is in pseudo
code to keep things succinct. If any portions require clarity, please reach out to us, and
we can assist you further.

### Flow
- User navigates to your new (or existing) SSO endpoint.
- User signs in (or is already authenticated).
- Generate a JWT (JavaScript example on the right).
- Redirect the user to the `/sso` endpoint providing the JWT as the value for
  the `token` query parameter.
- If successful, the user is authenticated, and the Evocalize Office UI loads.
  If an error or some failure occurs, then an error screen is displayed with a "try again"
  button that loads the `/sso` endpoint again when it is clicked.
